Code Review - Jan. 23 2015

Calendar component
Branch - django-schedular      <--- Note branch name has a typo
Author: Edouard
Reviewer: Paco

Location: apps/taid

General:
  
  None of the scripts has a high-level description at the top indicating what it does,
and where it fits within the calendar application and TAid. Please add these.

  Please add as well author name and contact.

  Also, since the scripts in this section are completely devoted to defining classes
used by the TAid scheduling component, it is required to indicate where these classes
are used and which other TAid components interact with this code. This will allow 
me to review the code in the context of where and how it is used.

  It would be nice to have a small README that indicates where in the UI this
gets called from.

// constants.py

Nothing much here, a brief header would be nice.

// tests.py

Empty :) Anya will want some unit tests!

// views.py

Nothing much here either... header.

// models.py

This definitely needs a header. 

* Name: Note that in models.py we import 'models' from django.db as well as several
        components from scheduler.models - if this is how django likes it, let it be,
        otherwise consider using TAid_models.py or something like that.

* Class definitions

    * Person class - is the parent of Teacher, Studenr, Instructor, and TeachingAssistant,
		     however at the present time only student has any additional attributes
		     or responsibilities. Teacher is just a person, and in fact it is
		     parent to Instructor and TeachingAssistant which have no attributes
		     or methods of their own. 
		     Consider whether these are needed and why (if needed, then something 
		     must go into each of them to justify their existence). 

		     I suspect both Teacher and their descendants are missing important
		     attributes (e.g. employee number? position? title? office location?)

		     field lengths (currently 50). You never know when we are going
		     to get some weird name like 

		     Hubert Blaine Wolfeschlegelsteinhausenbergerdorff  (real dude!)

		     That's around 30. If he had two last-names stuck together like
		     we latin americans, we may be in trouble.
    
    * TAAidEvent   - Please re-order the classes. TAAidEvent is located right between
		     TeachingAssistand and Student, both of which are part of the Person
		     hierarchy.
  
		     Name: should be TAidEvent (currently has an extra A)
		     
		     Do we need it? it's just an Event, with no additional attributes or
		     methods.

    * Course       - Course has a calendar, but no links to Lecture, Practical, or Tutorial.
		     Should it have those?

    * Lecture/Practical/Tutorial - Consistency, Lecture has instructors (plural), 
				   Practical and Tutorial should have tas (currently ta)

    * Assignment   - I see a field for 'parent'. Had we agreed to remove hierarchical
		     assignments and just have everything at top level? (i.e. there would
		     be no parents or children of assignments?) Let's make sure we have
		     the right answer to this.

    * Grade components - Same as with Assignment, let's make sure we have the latest structure
			 right. I'm not sure anymore what's the latest.

// admin.py

  Header please. You definitely need to explain what this thing is doing. I'm assuming it 
  determines what is and what is not displayed on different components of the UI when
  the user starts specific actions. 

